Remember when we were working with AC says flex box.
In fact when we were setting up the columns we used justified content.
And then in order to have the proper with we used a call function.
Well ladies and gentlemen we don't have to do that anymore.
If we use C is as great because in fact C says grid gives us a very very nice property by the name of
gap.
So let's say we do have our column layout as well as we have of course the rows and I would like to
have some kind of gap in between them.
Well it is as easy as it gets.
I could just say here grid and then we have gap.
And then of course I have either column gap or the road gap.
Now there is also a shorthand by the name of grid gap which we're going to cover in a second but I guess
let's start with a grid column gap and then we just need to specifically say well what kind of gap I
would want.
So I'm going to go with 20 pixels and you go right away.
I have the gap in between my columns with the value of 20 pixels.
So now actually I guess that if I'm going gonna go with grid row gap.
Well I'm going to have this gap in between the rows as well.
Now like I said we also have a shorthand so I could just write a grid gap.
And then if I'm going to add just one value let's say 50 pixels you're going to notice that it is going
to be applied for both of them.
So for the rows as well as the columns and of course I'm doing alright now is I'm just overwriting my
previous values that I had for column as well as the row.
Now we can obviously specifically right here for each of them separately as well where for the great
gap if we just have one value it is being applied for columns as well as the rows.
But if I'm going to write let's say 50 pixels and hundred pixels you're going to notice that higher
pixels is being applied for the column.
So second value is going to be for the column and first one is going to be for the rows.
So this is that we can easily and very fast and in fact the gaps in between the columns and the rows
using one of the properties whether that's great column gap great row gap or the shorthand would be
grid gap.